like guys whats up this is paul and
today we're going to go for the biggest
ever explosion of minecraft man was here
i'm using a single player command mod
essentially what single player commands
are are a mod the deer you can enable in
single player that allow you to perform
mods that you'll see on multiplayer
servers such as the fly mode and the
infinite help health mode i'll put a
link that this in the description
international mod you can install in the
game before anybody asks I'm using that
John Smith texture pack I know I'm gonna
get someone asking what texture pack are
using i'm using the john smith texture
pack no we're gonna be using some super
TNT if you saw my last video where I
show kiss that multiple TNT mods by the
way this is the super pickaxe c'mon that
lets you dig through anything with a
pickaxe in one hit so it's pretty sweet
but i'm using a super tnt nuke T&T as
they call it and this is 1010 more
effective than normal tnt now originally
i wanted to go right down in the bottom
where bedrock was with this tnt and blow
up everything but I couldn't do it for a
number of reasons one my game kept
freezing I have a quad-core processor at
4.5 gigahertz I via gigs of ram i have a
nvidia gtx 560ti graphics card I mean I
have really good computer but it's just
because minecraft crisis I mean I doubt
anybody could do any more than what i'm
doing here so this is a run i said by 36
let me just kind of here in bottom mouse
this is a run now let's see about 44
these and this is 40 for these texture
packs 44 tax depressed 44 these super
nukes and that any more than 40 for my
game crashes so I went and figured I'd
Liam and I could actually do and here
you see Mikey I'm freezing like it froze
up a win right down to one or two frames
per second hey hey like it does so much
time into the world around it and here I
started to get my movement back so I
turned off a fly command
and I all right right down to the bottom
here and I in fact I mean it just
created a whole mass within the system
it go round I went right down in the
bedrock even the Y only implanted that
30 blocks below the surface a bedrock
was down there by the 80 or 90 blocks I
believe but look at this I mean this is
44 of these TNT blocks and look what it
did it just basically ruin the entire
world and these lava pools are really
good sweet but again this is all better
i buy down here and if you're if you've
ever wondered what happens on their
bedrock you can use the super pick come
on to see an under bedrock there is wait
for it wait for it Wow blue blue and
essentially that's a bottomless pit I
mean once you go down to that blue part
you'll die it just takes half of you so
that's basically i'd say the world of
Minecraft but if you want to download
these mods mods i'm using are an
inventory editor called too many items
i'm using a tnt mod for this super tnt
i'm also using the john smith texture
pack i'm using modloader to load all of
the malls at the same time and i'm using
the single player commands i'll put a
link that we can find these mods in the
description and if you guys enjoy the
video please don't forget the rid and
leave me a comment on what you thought
I'm gonna over here that cook some pork
gonna blow up some piggies in a second
because I like my pork anybody else a
thought of pork enjoy pork chops hey I
didn't I did enjoy being as well biggin
is manliest of mom me mate I know like
there's a pig here and I would like to
say to mr. Peggy you are entirely
screwed right now I put two of these in
here for good measure and what's this /
Peggy never stood a chance never ever
stood a chance my game still phrases
even though there's only two blocks hey
see two blocks that dolemite 44 blocks
that dynamite any more than not my pc
crisis so again once again guys this is
paul and i'm gonna be sending out
second i'll leave you just to see the
rest of the footage i'm going to be into
argument we come with so I'm gonna stay
and by
hey